JAX: Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
NERO: I've been talking
to Alvarez.
I'll sell him my half,
he'll let Oso and his crew
run the house in Stockton.
This about your uncle's farm?
It's time, Jax.
We both know that.
-What happened to your eye,
sweetheart? -Tommy scratched me.
Are you sure
that's what happened?
If someone else did this to you,
you need to tell me,
because it's wrong,
and they could get in trouble.
Hey, buddy.
What's going on?
HARRISON:
Show him, Abel.
Jesus Christ.
God, what happened, baby?
Who did this to you?
Grandma.
CHIBS:
We got to prove
Jury spoke to Lin.
Juice is the only one
that can do that,
and a rat vetting out a rat
ain't gonna hold much weight.
Tully gets a phone to
the rat bastard-- we record it.
They put your boy in solitary.
But you need to make sure
that Juice gets to Lin.
GEMMA: When are you going
to Norco?
Probably head down there
next couple of days.
Need some help?
Oh, that'll be good, mama.
We can do it together.
M-Make it our place, you know?
Daddy?
-Yeah?
-Is Wendy
my first mommy 'cause
I came out of her tummy?
-Yeah.
-So, is that why Grandma
killed my other mommy?
GEMMA: I don't know why
he'd do it.
I know he misses you, but...
I'd never put a hand on him.
You know that.
I love him more than anything.
I'm sorry, sweetheart.
So sorry this happened.
JUICE:
I do this,
and everybody's okay with me
and everybody forgives.
This gets done.
I put something together here.
Get through the time.
I just got to finish it.
This gets done.
(Chibs sighs)
(door closes)
(sighs)
(dog barking in distance)
(birds chirping)
WENDY:
Morning.
Where'd you sleep last night?
Stayed with Abel
after I put him to bed.
Want some coffee?
Yeah. Thanks.
Thanks.
Jax...
I got to tell you something.
After last night,
and you letting Abel know
the truth about me...
I-I can't have any secrets.
I checked out of rehab
to help you.
To help Gemma.
And when I got to my apartment,
Juice was there.
And what the hell was Juice
doing in your apartment?
He said he was hiding
from the club.
I didn't ask him why.
Well, how'd he get in?
Gemma had the keys.
Why would my mom
be helping Juice?
She said she didn't
want anyone else to get hurt.
She thought I'd be gone,
so she let him stay there.
Did anyone else know?
Wayne.
He found out by accident.
He saw Juice's bag.
I'm sorry, Jax.
I didn't know what to do.
The vibe between us
was just so tense.
And then shit just went crazy.
Diosa, Scoops and Bobby.
And then after that, you know,
Abel started acting out, I...
I guess Juice just didn't seem
that important.
Yeah.
Hey, are we okay?
You didn't make the choice
to help him.
Look, I know you got pulled
into this.
I get it.
But I need you to keep this
between us for now, though.
You don't tell anyone else
I know.
Okay.
Hey.
Jax, what are you gonna do?
I'm gonna get some answers.
You take care of our boys.
-(Wendy sighs)
-(pounding on door)
UNSER:
Oh, all right, all right!
Jesus Christ! What the...
JAX:
Put some pants on.
We need to talk.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
I know you and Gemma
have been helping Juice.
I need to know
how that happened.
Who the hell told you that?
She said Gemma was helping him
because she didn't want
anyone else to get hurt.
But why would Juice go to my mom
in the first place?
Not sure how
that all came together.
I assumed they crossed paths
somewhere.
You know, by a weed shop
or something.
That doesn't make sense.
You were with my mom
the night Tara got murdered.
Yeah.
What was going on with her?
She was upset.
She, uh, knew you were gonna
get picked up by the sheriffs.
Did she call you
after she saw the Chinese?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, after we found out
what happened.
She was wrecked.
We both were.
She didn't tell me what she saw.
Only the club was privy to that.
What-what... what are you
digging at, son?
I need a face-to-face
with Juice.
Can you call Jarry, set that up?
You're kidding me, right?
I mean, we know what you're
doing with Juice.
Using him to get close to Lin.
-I mean, it's...
-This isn't about Lin!
It's about Tara.
Why should I help you,
son, huh?
You guys have done nothing
but lie to me.
The guy Juice and-and your
mother I.D.'d--
he wasn't even in the state.
What are you talking about?
Chris Dun.
Jarry found out he was in
a Vegas drunk tank
the night Tara was murdered.
I need you to get me
in a room with Juice.
Tell the D.A.
it will get them the intel
they need on Tara's murder.
You can pull the video,
watch the whole thing.
Wayne...
...do you want the truth
or not?
All right. I'll call Jarry.
See if she can hook it up.
But you burn me on this,
Jackson,
and-and there's no more loyalty.
For your club
and for your family.
Understand?
Understood.
(buzzer sounds)
The thing Tully's
helping you with,
it goes down after breakfast.
Yeah, okay.
(door closes)
This gets done.
(engine idling)
(engine shuts off)
Sounds good.
Your dad would be happy.
Still needs some tweaks,
but it's getting there.
Looks very regal
in the club colors.
(motorcycles approaching)
Yeah.
What time does my mom get in?
Well, we're pretty slow.
Probably just before lunch.
You want her here sooner?
No. Thank you.
TIG: Hey.
What's going on, boss?
JAX: I need you guys to visit
our white friends.
Have Otis reach out to Tully.
I'm sitting down with Juice.
I need the cameras off
in the room.
I thought all this shit
with Lin was set.
It is.
It's about something else.
What?
I'll fill you in
when I know more.
CHIBS: Yeah.
Wow. What's going on?
CHIBS: Don't know.
Where's Daddy?
He's working.
Is Daddy okay?
Yeah.
Are you okay?
That was a lot for you to take
in last night--
about me.
You okay with all that?
Oh...
GUARD: On the gate.
(buzzer sounds, door opens)
(buzzer sounds)
(door opens, door closes)
There's a change of clothes
in there.
In case it gets messy.
(Lin sighs)
Shit.
Teller got you doing
his dirty work, huh?
Figured he'd just leave it
for his new Nazi pals.
Doesn't have to be dirty.
I just need some answers.
Yeah.
That's why I'm chained to a pipe
in a goddamn boiler room.
(Juice laughs)
(phone beeps)
What the hell is that for?
Who sold out SAMCRO?
Gave up the location
of the guns?
(Lin laughs)
Of course.
They sent the rat
to flush out the rat.
Hmm.
Who was it?
Look, those guns were ours.
Was it a member?
Jury White?
What happens
once I tell you?
I send that to the club,
and they handle the traitor.
And me?
Nothing happens.
As long as you tell me
who it was
and you don't give up the MC
to make a deal.
(Lin sighs)
It was Charlie Barosky.
He came to us,
said he knew who took the guns
and where they were.
Prick held out
for a shitload of cash.
Cops... biggest criminals
of all.
(Juice chuckles)
JUICE: Yeah.
(phone beeps)
(gurgling)
You lying piece of...
I'm a rat.
What makes you think
I wouldn't be a liar, too?
(Lin gurgling)
(low gasping)
(blood trickling)
(Juice sighs)
♪ ♪
-CHUCK: Morning.
-Hey.
Jax was here earlier
looking for you.
-What'd he want?
-He didn't say.
Well, I could fill you in
on that.
Wendy told Jax
that we were helping Juice.
-What?
-Yeah.
Why the hell
would she do that?
Not sure.
He wasn't, uh,
pissed off, though.
He was, uh...
just very troubled.
About Juice?
Uh, that and some information
he got about Tara's murder.
The guy you and Juice
identified...
he was in a Vegas jail
the night she was murdered.
He was Asian.
Dark.
It wasn't him, it was another
one of Lin's guys.
Yeah.
I guess so.
Well...
Jax is using Juice
to get to Lin,
and I'm assuming Juice
got Dun's name from the club.
Am I wrong?
I mean,
was he with you that night?
No.
UNSER:
Huh.
Well, when did he come to you
for help?
Uh, (exhales) you know...
after Tara.
I'm not sure.
He... he just reached out.
Called me, I think.
(Unser laughs)
He just... called you?
Didn't you think
that was a little odd?
I mean, you'd be the last person
I'd go to if I...
I don't know, Wayne.
You're gonna have
to talk to Juice.
Oh, well, yeah.
Well, Jax is doing that.
What do you mean?
Jarry got him a face-to-face
with Juice, so...
He's on his way
to Stockton now.
I tell you,
your son is determined
to get to the truth.
You all right?
Hmm?
Yeah.
Where you going?
Left something at the house.
♪ ♪
Is everything okay?
(car door shuts, engine starts)
I don't know, Chucky.
Why don't you follow her home.
Keep an eye on her.
Okay. Then what?
I don't know.
I... wish I knew.
(door closes)
HAPPY:
Where were you guys?
TIG: Baby, get out of here.
Beat it, beat it, go on.
CHIBS: Go on, sweetheart, go.
Go. Go, go.
All right, listen.
We just sat down with Otis.
Jax needed Tully
to secure a room
so he can sit down
with Juice.
About Lin?
Don't know.
HAPPY:
I hope so.
We got to get that confession.
That forum did not go well
for our pres.
Been talking to some
of the Berdoo guys.
Vibe ain't good, man.
Yeah. We know.
RAT BOY:
What happens if Jax
can't prove that Jury
was the one who sold us out?
Then they'll get to hear
both sides
of what went down with Jury.
We all know
it was self-defense.
Indian Hills saw it
a different way.
And if it goes their way?
It's a member
killing another member.
But that means a Mayhem vote.
(buzzer sounds)
(door opens)
Hey.
TULLY:
Had to come up.
Only way I could secure
the room.
Pretty Puerto Rican's
on his way.
I appreciate it.
Talked to Otis.
Heard our black and white
problem's been solved.
Yeah.
He's a solid guy.
Lin's confession.
Juice put him down
this morning.
Clean.
There'll be no blowback.
He's dead?
Yeah. That was the plan,
wasn't it?
Yeah.
All right.
What about Ortiz?
Does that pay off his sins?
I'm not sure.
(buzzer sounds)
(door opens)
(door closes)
Let me know.
Thank you.
Oh, I'll see you later, baby.
(buzzer sounds)
Tully tell you about Lin?
Yeah.
Wasn't Jury.
It was Barosky.
All about money.
And you believed him?
Yeah. If anything, Lin would
want to hurt the club.
He got no reason
to protect Jury.
(sighs)
I did everything
you asked, Jax.
I found out Gemma
was helping you hide.
The Chinese guy she I.D.'d...
he was in Vegas
the night Tara was murdered.
Why would you go to my mom
to hide from the club?
Did she owe you a favor?
We just kind of, uh...
found each other.
Yesterday, my five-year-old son
cut his own arm.
Deep scratches.
And then he told his teacher
it was Gemma that did it.
We spent the afternoon
with Child Services.
Last night,
I decided to tell him that...
Wendy was his first mom.
You know, I thought it might
give him some comfort,
knowing that he had
another mother.
When I put him to bed...
he asked me if Gemma...
had killed Tara
to make room for Wendy.
When I pressed him
on why he would ask this,
he said he overheard Gemma
telling his little brother
that she was sorry
she'd killed his mommy.
Jesus.
You see, nothing makes
sense to me, Juice.
Is my kid delusional?
Cutting himself,
making up stories?
Or is he tormented?
Trying to wrap his little mind
around something horrible?
You see, every scenario
seems insane to me.
My son is twisted up.
He just lost his mom.
Before I send in
a team of shrinks
to twist him up more
and to create deeper wounds...
...I need the truth.
Somehow, I know...
...you're the one
who can give it to me.
I'm really sorry about Abel.
Is it true?
I went to your house
that night.
Looking for Gemma,
like you'd asked.
I was still trying
to wrap my head around
what you'd said to me.
About betraying you.
I met Eli out front.
He was waiting on Tara.
Then we heard a crash...
and Eli ran in the house.
I followed.
Tara was dead.
The place was trashed.
She must have gotten in a brawl
with Gemma.
Your mom...
(Jax inhales sharply)
...was on the floor,
freaked out...
covered in blood.
Eli was about to call it in.
I killed him.
(Jax sighs)
And then Gemma needed you
as much as you needed her.
(Jax sniffles)
What about the Chinese?
Needed to put the kill
on someone.
The way she killed her...
So brutal.
It felt gangland.
I didn't want it to come down
on brown and Nero.
So I told Gemma
to use the Chinese.
We came up with the story.
Bobby's dead.
August.
Retaliation for us
going after Lin.
They cut out his eye.
They cut off his fingers.
Then they shot him in the head
right in front of me.
-Oh, God, Jax, I'm...
-Don't say you're sorry!
Don't say anything.
Thank you for telling me
the truth.
I'll make sure it's quick.
(knocks twice)
(buzzer sounds, door opens)
(door closes)
(clock ticking)
(sighs softly)
(cell phone ringing)
Yeah?
Gemma, it's Juice.
Where are you?
Stockton.
I told him, Gemma.
Everything.
I'm sorry, I had to.
The shit that happened
because of that lie.
It was a mistake.
We should've never kept...
(closes phone)
CHIBS: What the...?
Jesus Christ.
TIG: Mm-hmm.
You know what?
I have no idea how Bobby
handled this shit.
Yeah. We need to patch
in another Jew.
(door opens)
-(door closes)
-Hey. -Jackie.
How'd it go?
Juice took care of Lin.
It wasn't Jury.
It was Barosky.
Oh, that lying
son of a bitch.
This is really gonna complicate
things with Indian Hills.
JAX:
I know.
(sighs)
All right.
I need you to call Alvarez.
Tell him about Barosky.
We'll handle it.
But it's gonna impact shit
in Stockton.
When are we gonna do it?
JAX:
Soon.
I just need to handle
a family problem first.
Hey.
What's going on, brother?
I just need to talk to Gemma.
Why, is something wrong?
Is she okay?
She's fine.
I just need to track down
where she went.
Have Hap and Rat
go to her house.
Have Quinn and Montez
go to Diosa.
What do they do
if they find her?
JAX:
Just have her stay put.
Let's go check out TM.
(sighs)
-(knocking)
-WENDY: Gem?
-It's me.
-Just a second.
-Hey.
Where's the baby?
In the kitchen with Chucky.
You talk to Jax?
No.
Unser.
He talked to Jax.
(sighs)
I know about Juice.
I'm sorry, Gem.
I had to come clean.
Jax told Abel last night
that I was his first mommy.
He thought it might help him
not feel like Tara
was being replaced.
You know, if he knew
I was his birth mom.
And after that, I just...
I couldn't lie to Jax anymore.
I can't keep secrets, Gem.
It'll kill me.
Did it help?
Telling Abel?
Yeah.
He seemed
a little better today.
Less anxious.
That's good.
I'm glad he knows
you're his mom.
Yeah?
It's the right thing.
The right time.
God, that means so much to me.
Hey, uh, there were
no more diapers
in the laundry room,
and he's, like, loaded.
(laughs):
Okay, I got some in my bag.
-Give me.
-Okay.
-Come on.
-Hey. No, no, no.
Let me get him.
-I got him.
-Yeah? Okay.
Yeah.
I'll bring him to you
in a minute.
Okay.
Huh, baby?
(Thomas jabbers quietly)
I love you.
Yes, I do.
Your grandma loves you.
Here we go.
Oh, there we go.
(quietly):
Oh...
Okay, signature here.
And here.
Okay.
And then initials
in all the boxes.
Maybe I can steal you away
from Teller,
you can manage both Diosas, huh?
Well, I appreciate the offer,
but I'm gonna stick
to running porn.
I'd rather shoot pussy
than have my pussy shot at.
NERO: Oh!
I'm trying to close
a sale here.
(Lyla laughs)
Let's not bring up
the ghosts, huh?
ALVAREZ:
It's okay.
I'm good with ghosts.
I think that's it.
Okay, that should do it,
gentlemen.
I'll finish notarizing these,
make you copies and file
the transfer downtown.
Hundred and fifty.
Yeah, you can count it.
I trust you.
I'm glad we were able
to make this work, canalla.
Me, too, Nero.
MONTEZ:
Hey, Nero.
Gemma here?
Where you going?
I got to clean up
some family things.
-Is everything okay?
-(motorcycles approaching)
No. No, sweetheart.
Everything is not okay.
I'm in trouble, and I can't let
the club find me.
Not yet.
Okay, I can help you.
If they find out,
it's gonna be bad.
Hit me.
I'll tell them you punched me
and took my keys.
They'll believe that.
-Chucky, I can't hit you.
-(knocking)
Gem, it's okay.
-Hit me.
(grunts)
-Okay. Okay, go, go, go! Go.
-(knocking)
Coming!
Hey, guys.
-(spits)
-RAT BOY: Shit, what happened?
Where's Gemma?
I don't know.
She, uh...
asked me for my keys,
(spits) I said no.
She punched me
and took off with the car.
Isn't that her loaner
in the driveway?
My scooter died here last night,
so I drove the other loaner--
blue Ford.
She took that one.
-HAPPY: Shit.
-What's going on?
Why's she running?
How long ago?
Maybe ten minutes.
All right, thanks.
(door closes)
-(motorcycle engines starting)
-Put some ice on that.
Okay.
-(motorcycles driving away)
-Thank you, Chucky.
You're my best friend, Gem.
I accept that.
(door opens)
UNSER:
Hey.
I tried calling you.
They had me on hold forever.
ALTHEA:
Yeah.
I was on the phone
with Patterson
and the Department
of Corrections.
Lin was killed this morning.
Stabbed multiple times
in the neck,
-found in the hallway.
-(Unser groans)
No witnesses.
Shit.
You watch Teller's chat?
We pulled the video file--
it was blank.
Someone bought the room.
ALTHEA:
Speak of the devil.
UNSER:
Yeah, well, uh...
we need to speak
to the other devil.
Got to see Juice, right?
Yeah. All right.
Let me, uh...
let me talk to Jax alone
for a minute.
-(cell phone ringing)
-Any idea why Cagney
and Lacey are here?
No.
Where are things at with her?
CHIBS:
Same.
No deeper.
JAX: What's our good sheriff
doing here?
Uh, she came to deliver
some sad news.
Henry Lin.
Yeah, we heard.
Oh.
That happened
before I got there.
That's not why I went
to see Juice.
Ah, well,
I guess we'll never know.
There's no videotape.
TIG:
Jax?
I, uh... I just got off
the phone with Hap.
Gemma just slugged Chucky.
Then she took off
in a blue Ford.
What the hell's going on,
brother?
I need you to call my mom.
Have her meet you here.
Tell her you need to talk
to her in private.
Why? What's going on with Gemma?
It's family business.
Oh...
maybe you forgot
our little deal.
I'm done helping you
and the club.
This is about Tara.
Oh, if you gave a shit
about Tara,
maybe you'd spend a little less
time being a thug
and little more time
being a dad.
You need to watch
your mouth, old man.
UNSER:
Oh, yeah?
Well, what-what you gonna do?
You gonna kill me, huh?!
Is that what you're gonna do--
add me to your body count?
Huh? Oh, you know what?
Maybe-maybe I should go
into my trailer
and stand in the kitchen
and wait for somebody
to come along and stick a fork
in my head!
Oh!
CHIBS:
Jesus Christ, Jackie!
Let's go!
ALTHEA:
Jesus, Wayne.
Are you all right?
Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
(motorcycles departing)
What the hell was that about?
I don't know.
But until I do,
I want Teller off the streets,
so no one else gets hurt.
Put out an APB on Teller.
For assault.
What is going on?
Goddamn it.
Go ahead, do it!
Please, do it!
♪ ♪
(phone keys beeping)
(cell phone ringing)
Hey, where you been?
Crazy morning.
NERO: Quinn and Montez
were here looking for you.
And they wouldn't say why.
What's up, mama?
Just something's going
down with the club.
I need to talk to you.
I'm over here at Diosa.
Uh... I need some privacy.
Can you meet me?
Please.
It's important.
I'll give you the address.
Uh... okay, hold on.
(buzzer sounds,
door opens)
Wow.
I'm a popular guy.
Sit down.
Understand you're getting
pretty cozy with the AB in here.
JUICE:
Yeah.
That's one way to put it.
What do you want?
It's a shame about
Henry Lin, huh?
JUICE:
Yeah, well...
no one lives forever, right?
UNSER:
Mm.
ALTHEA: We need to know
what you talked about
with Teller this morning.
Watch the tape.
-Don't be an asshole.
-JUICE: Trust me--
all I am in here
is someone's asshole.
What'd you tell Jax?
JUICE:
The truth.
Why's he looking for Gemma?
Gemma knows the truth.
UNSER:
About...?
About everything.
Gemma knows every truth
behind every lie,
inside every secret.
She's the gatekeeper.
UNSER:
Listen to me, Juice...
...if you know anything
about Tara,
you got a chance here.
-A chance to...
-I have no chance.
Neither do you.
Your heads are shoved
so far up your asses,
you can't see
what's right in front of you.
Yeah, and if you're tired
of things
getting shoved up your ass,
maybe we can help.
But we're gonna need
some cooperation, damn it.
It doesn't matter anymore,
Sheriff.
I'm all done.
It's too late.
For all of us.
(bell jingles)
Where's Charlie?
CLERK:
Mr. Charlie is not here.
Where is he?
CLERK:
At the port, I think.
He should be back soon.
We'll wait.
Call Happy and Rat.
See if they have anything
on Gemma.
Jackie...
you got to tell us what the hell
this is all about.
JAX:
I will.
I just need to speak
to my mother,
confirm a few things,
and then I'll bring everyone
up to speed.
Don't ask me again.
Okay.
CHIBS:
We'll call Hap.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
I was born in that house.
(Nero chuckles softly)
Rose didn't like hospitals.
She used a midwife.
Or a witch woman.
Something medieval.
That was Dad's parish.
NERO:
Yeah?
What's going on, Gem?
My dad always wanted
a big family...
but Rose...
I don't think she really
wanted kids.
And after my baby brother
died, she...
she just checked out.
I couldn't wait to be a mom.
I wanted a dozen sons.
That didn't happen.
After Thomas,
and my heart thing...
John didn't want
to take the risk.
But I never quit on Jax.
Not for a minute.
(sighs)
Everything in my life...
pretty much torched.
(sniffles)
Hated school.
Wasn't a very good wife.
But I was a good mother.
I did everything
I was supposed to do.
Yeah... yeah,
I know that, mama.
I love you, Nero.
Our time together has been
neck-deep in chaos,
but you have made me happy.
(chuckles):
Whoa.
Sound like you're saying
good-bye there, Gem.
What's going on?
I just have to handle
some family things.
What family things?
Come on, where...
where you going?
(cell phone ringing)
-Is that Jax?
-(ringing continues)
Please don't answer it.
(ringing stops)
Wait till I'm gone.
Gemma, are you gonna
tell me what happened?
(cell phone ringing)
Yeah.
Has Gemma reached out to you?
Why?
'Cause I need to talk to her.
Yeah, I know, uh...
Couple of your guys came by
looking for her.
What's going on?
I just need to track down
where she went, Nero.
Well, I don't know.
But I tell you,
if I find out,
I'm not gonna tell you anything
until I know why.
I went to see Juice
this morning...
trying to piece together...
Jax, I'm really sorry.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I...
I understand.
I don't know.
Okay, mano.
(stifled sob)
Uh, yeah, if I see her,
I'll, uh...
I'll let you know.
I will, I will.
Yeah.
(stammers quietly)
Is that true?
It's a complicated...
Gemma...
Hey...
Is it true?
Yes.
You should go.
(engine starts)
(sighs)
(sobbing softly)
Jackie!
Sheriff's outside
running your plates.
-APB, brother! Assault!
-SHERIFF: Teller!
-TIG: What? What?
-CHIBS: Go, go, go, go, go!
-SHERIFF: He's running!
-He's running!
He's not doing anything!
-Come on, get out of the way!
-Come on!
-Get off me-- oop!
-(Sheriff grunts)
-Sorry. My bad.
-(Sheriff grunts angrily)
(engine rumbles, tires screech)
Hey, idiot!
You want me to run
your ass over?!
No, I want you to stop
eating donuts,
you fat piece of shit!
What the hell is going...?
-Jesus Christ.
-Move!
You're not taking my car!
Go tell the cops.
-(siren wailing)
-Stop! Stop!
(engine roaring)
(sirens wailing)
(horn blaring)
(tires squealing)
OFFICER:
Oh, shit!
(engine revving)
(kids chattering)
GEMMA:
Hey. Abel.
Come here, sweetheart.
Come on. Come here.
Hey, baby.
I just wanted to come by to...
to give you something.
ABEL:
Okay.
(talking low, indistinctly)
Honey, this was, uh...
this was your Grandpa John's
and I gave it to your daddy
when...
when he patched into the club.
This one's for you,
so you have it
when you become a member.
I love you, Abel.
Your mommy and your daddy,
they love you, too.
And you did nothing wrong, baby.
-HARRISON: Mrs. Teller.
-You're a good boy.
You're not allowed to be here.
Go back to class, Abel.
I-I'm gonna report this.
I know.
Thank you for watching out
for my grandson.
Take care of him.
Good-bye, Grandma.
It's a good machine.
Consider it rent.
I appreciate the sanctuary.
Any time.
Look, man, I don't want
this news about Barosky
hitting the street.
That's our mess to clean up.
ALVAREZ:
Understood.
Saves us the hassle.
Charlie's an expensive hurdle.
Good.
I heard you and Nero
signed papers today.
Yeah, we did.
It makes sense, you know?
Our clubs having
a business together.
We'll have to think twice about
any bullshit that comes our way.
Yeah.
Well, it's good we're partners.
We should, uh, sit down
with Connor,
figure out guns.
And what about Marks?
He's going to make bail
after his hearing.
Yeah, I know.
We're gonna need some help
cleaning up
what's left of the Chinese.
Then we'll sit down with Tyler,
figure out territories.
By the time August puts together
a new crew,
black, white and brown
will be united in Oakland.
I'll make sure
he makes the adjustment.
You let me know whatever
you need, my friend.
I'm gonna take a ride
up to Stockton,
let Oso know what's going on.
Place is yours, eh?
(door opens)
Thank you.
(door closes)
CHIBS:
Jesus Christ, brother.
You all right?
-I'm fine.
-TIG: Okay, good.
Quinn and Montez
are on their way now.
Good.
Let me know when everyone's
at the table.
CHIBS:
Aye.
(buzzer sounds)
Get up.
Me and Billy-- we're hopping
on the Orient Express.
Our new friends want you
in the infirmary.
Why?
'Cause you need
medical assistance.
(Juice grunting)
I'm sorry for the lack
of communication today.
I got some information
last night from my son.
Something he overheard
Gemma say.
Juice confirmed it
this morning.
I didn't want to believe it,
but after my mom took off...
The Chinese didn't kill Tara.
Gemma did.
It was a fit of rage, I guess.
Juice was with Eli
when he found her.
He killed Roosevelt.
Then Gemma and Juice
put together the lie.
The Chinese guy that I tortured,
whose head I split open...
he wasn't even in the state
the night Tara was killed.
The level of brutality
in Tara's murder...
I thought it could only be
gang retaliation.
A message.
I was wrong.
That mistake is mine...
and mine alone.
Everything that happened as a
result of that mistake...
every body that dropped,
every relationship
that was torched...
West, Jury, Bobby,
everything that jeopardized
this club was my fault.
-Jackie...
-Chibs.
I'm gonna sit down with Packer
and the other presidents.
Come clean about Jury.
And then we sit down with Tyler,
the Irish and the Mayans.
We discuss guns and territories.
I can't do anything to change
what's happened,
but I'm gonna make damn sure
I do everything I can
to make it right.
I can't talk about
any of this right now,
and I'd appreciate some time
to think.
I suggest you do the same.
We'll meet back here tomorrow.
I'm sorry that the family
I was given
has created so much chaos
in the family I've chosen.
I hope you know
I love you all very much.
(door closes)
Heard anything from Gemma?
(Unser sighs)
Any idea where she went?
No.
She's not coming back,
is she, Wayne?
♪ ♪
Good night, Wendy.
Oh, good night.
Mmm.
Want to kiss your brother?
I'll be in in a minute
to tuck you in, okay, buddy?
Go. Go ahead.
I love you, my brother.
I love you.
TIG: I really love you brother,
I really do.
Love you, too, man.
TIG:
Okay. All right.
Okay, come on.
Nero.
(door closes)
The crew knows?
Yeah.
Where did she go?
I don't know.
I couldn't... uh...
I couldn't talk to her.
I...
Hmm.
How do I come back from this?
Damage to my club and my family.
My boy.
Maybe it's time
to honor Tara's wish.
Yeah.
And what about Gemma?
I get the pain
that you're in, Jax.
And the damage
that she's caused is...
It's unbelievable.
But a son killing his mother?
Jax, that's a wound
that's too deep to heal.
And I know you, mano.
That's gonna swallow you up.
That's gonna destroy you, man.
I know.
That's the part that hurts
the most about all this, man.
I mean,
after everything she did,
all the lies and the death
and the wreckage...
...I still love her.
You know?
She's my mom.
(crying): How could she do this
to Tara?
How could she do this?
Hey.
♪ ♪
-(hymn playing over radio)
-(Gemma humming)
GEMMA:
♪ This is my song... ♪
(continues humming)
(humming)
♪ This is my song ♪
♪ Born of his spirit ♪
♪ Washed in his blood... ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org